Clothes Retailer

A resposive 2 page website created for a clothing company which allows them to add products to a shopping cart, add vouchers (when necessary), edit the shopping cart and  filter through categories.

Features

	A User can browse a list of products and see their relevant information - such as availability and price.
 	A User can add a product to their cart.
 	A User can remove a product from their cart.
	A User is unable to add out of stock products to their shopping cart.
 	A User can view the total price for the products in my shopping cart.
 	A User can add a voucher to the cart if relative.
	A User can view the overall price of cart with coucher applied.


Development stack

	Ruby
	Javascript
	CSS
	HTML
	Databse: Postgres
	CSS Framework: Semantic UI
	View Templates: ERB
	CAPYBARA
	RSPEC
	FACTORYGIRL


Getting Started

	git clone https://github.com/TomGroombridge/build_it.git
	bundle install
	rake db:migrate
	rake db:seed
	rails s
# Assuming Rbenv
# @$rbenv install `cat .ruby-version`@
# @$gem install bundler
# @$bundle@
# @$rake db:setup@
# TODO @$rake test@
# Start server with @$bin/rails s@

h2. Deploy

The site is hosted on "Heroku":rmonline.herokuapp.com

TODO: (Pushing to the Github remote will trigger CI from "Codeship.io":https://www.codeship.io/projects/XXXXX and a deployment to Heroku.)

Runtime config:

@$heroku config@

* SOME_ENV

h2. Tests

TODO

Run the acceptance tests before you check in

# Start server with @$RAILS_ENV=test grunt@
# @$cucumber features@

h2. Relish

Sign off your story by documenting the acceptance tests in Cukes. Once you're happy and you pushed the story to staging:

 @$relish push courseiam@

This pushes the feature files up to our "relish account":https://www.relishapp.com/msp/rm-online/docs.

